# 2019-12-17

* New time (CET 21.00 on Tuesdays)
* Next meeting 3 weeks from now

# 2019-12-11

- cancel / reschedule
  - we'll start with the simpler single-instance task API; korken will update the RFC (see action item)

- roadmap issue / withlist
    - japaric to add a request template and publicize the list on twitter
    - we'll publicize the list on the next newsletter (2019-12-26) and then check the list again on the meeting of the 2020-01-08

## Action items

- [x] korken will update the cancel / reschedule RFCs to clarify behavior around freeing up slots, whether `cancel = [..]` is needed and until when it's possible to cancel a task (e.g. after the message has been moved from the timer queue into the ready queue)
- [x] korken to write logging RFC
- [ ] (roadmap) japaric to add a request template and publicize the list on twitter

# 2019-12-04

## Agenda

- cancel / reschedule -- https://github.com/rtfm-rs/rfcs/issues/7 

## Action items

- [ ] to revisit cancel / schedule API next week when korken's around
- [x] @all to add things to https://github.com/rtfm-rs/rfcs/issues/16 ; we'll check the list next week

# 2019-11-27
- release done, bugs reported and fixed in 0.5.1
- rtfm workshop at Grepit was successful, > 40 attendees for the tech talk.
- funnel logger, alpha pre-release, https://crates.io/crates/cortex-m-funnel
- should we have funnel support directly in RTFM? 
    `#[app(logger = 256)]`
    
## Action items
- [ ] @korken89, will make a proposal for the `funnel` RTFM API.
- [ ] @all, comment to  https://github.com/rtfm-rs/rfcs/issues/7 

# 2019-11-13
- 0.5.0.beta1 any blocking issues
- monotonic trait follow up
- 0.4.x CI issue (to get 0.4.4 out)

## Action items
- [x] @per: examples repos in rtfm-rs (with some assistance/coaching by korken89)
- [ ] @per: add debugging in vscode example

# 2019-11-06

## Agenda

- 0.5 beta. experiences
- 0.4.4 release
- reports on dead links in `rtfm.rs`, Jorge submitted some PRs to fix it but sporadic compiler failures on nightly has been blocking.
- `Monotonic` on enforcement of peripherals. (misuse resistance)
- next meeting, 2019-11-13, 20.00 CET

## Action items
- [x] @japaric: pinning nightly for `compiletest.rs` (to make sure that CI is not failing due to nightly compiler build).
- [ ] @korken89, make an issue for `Monotonic` binding
- [x] @korken89, document generated types and de-constructor pattern
- [x] @japaric, look into `trybuild` as an alternative to compiletest
- [x] @japaric, reply https://github.com/rtfm-rs/cortex-m-rtfm/issues/258 (re: variable `Monotonic::ratio`)
- [x] @per, make an rfc issue for mode changes/ratio. Done #23.

# 2019-10-23

## Agenda

- 0.5 beta.1 experiences
    - Minor typo in book detected, PR submitted.
- Error messages for soundness issue in 0.4.x
    - Agreed to go for option a) Minimum Requiered Compiler Version bumb. (@korken89, will be "support scape-goat")
    - Agreed to yank version 0.4.0 .. 0.4.3 in favour of 0.4.4. 
- next meeting the 2019-11-6, 20.00 CET
      

## Action items
- [ ] @per: debugging of RTFM 0.5.x (possibly a chapter in the RTFM book)
- [x] @per: create new issue for collecting statistical info (e.g., max used buffers)
- [ ] @korken89: release of 0.4.4
- [ ] @japaric: work on generators #18

# 2019-10-17

- v0.5.0-beta.1 has been released

# 2019-10-16

## Agenda

- v0.5 beta release today?
    - see above action items
- v0.4.x release
    
- next meeting the 2019-10-23, 20.00 CET?

## Action items
- [ ] @per: POC implementation of &resources (complementary to #19)

# 2019-10-09

## Agenda

- v0.5 release
  - see action items
- RFC: lock optimization - https://github.com/rtfm-rs/rfcs/issues/19
  - to be evaluated as an opt-in Cargo feature
- RFC: goodbye Exclusive - https://github.com/rtfm-rs/rfcs/issues/17
   - to be evaluated as 2 competing 0.6 RFCs: 'lock required everywhere' vs 'auto-wrap in Exclusive'
- v0.4.x release
- next meeting the 2019-10-16, 20.00 CET?

## Action items

- [x] @japaric: will update copyright notices and Cargo metadata of all crates under the rtfm-rs org
- [x] @japaric: postpone the rename RFC
- [x] @japaric: pre-release v0.5.0-beta after the two previous items are completed
- [ ] @per: make a PR for opt-in lock optimization
- [x] postpone issue 17 for 0.6, prepare proper RFC(s)
- [x] @korken89: Look into better warning/error messages for the soundness issue in 0.4.x or probe the compiler version and emit code based on version
