# Agenda 2020-12-15

* Triage, bugs in the wild?
* Merged changes
* Expose setting for [priority optimisations?][exposesettings] allowing manual priority assignment
* New `Monotonic` impl update [tracking issue][ts]
* Hardware priorities [https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/issues/434] (maybe duplicate of "Expose settings")

[exposesettings]: https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/issues/434
[ts]: https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/issues/431
* Discussion: Aliasing of interrupt handlers. (No issue/rfc as of yet)

## Action points

* Implement a proposal for #434 (disable compression and a reserved list)

# Agenda 2020-12-08

* Triage, bugs in the wild?
* Follow up on last meeting action points
* Merged changes
* `task_local` in progress. https://github.com/rtic-rs/rfcs/issues/46. Syntax will work, but needs backing impl.
* To discuss: Queue probing (max fill) https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/issues/428.

# Agenda 2020-12-01

* Triage, bugs in the wild?
* Follow up on last meeting action points
* Merged changes
* New monotonic impl under way, [Tracking issue](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/issues/431)
* `task_local` in `init` as `&'static mut` - needs impl
* Exceeding max len of message queues, error or dynamically sized queues? [Old related issue](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/issues/348)

## Action points

* look into `#[... resources = [x: u64 = 0] ...]` syntax for `static mut` transform removal.

# Agenda 2020-11-24

* Triage, bugs in the wild?
    * 2 bugs in 0.6.0-alpha.0 for the monotonic
* Follow up on last meeting action points
* Merged changes
* Continue the [new monotonic proposal](https://hackmd.io/vWa9GvssR8qBfUYgMZm0CQ?both)
* Proposal https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/issues/428
* RFC timer emulation https://github.com/rtic-rs/rfcs/issues/45
* RFC synchronous tasks https://github.com/rtic-rs/rfcs/issues/44
* Thesis presentation
* [Should #[task_local] resources use 'static lifetimes, not the priority lifetime?](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/issues/417)

# Agenda 2020-11-17

* Triage, bugs in the wild?
* Follow up on last meeting action points
* RTIC version [`v0.6.0-alpha.0`][v6] released! :tada: [migration guide/docs][v6m]
* Merged changes (since `alpha.0`)
    * [Multilock support][multilock]
    * Fixed [name conflict with `main`][mainnameclash]
* Things to do before stable `v0.6`, see [tracking issue][trackingissue]
    * Reschedule/cancel API
    * New monotonic
    * Document and implement new MSRV
    * Internal documentation
    * Maybe more?
* Milestone reached: >20,000 downloads on crates.io
* Proposal for [new Monotonic][nm]

[v6]: https://crates.io/crates/cortex-m-rtic/0.6.0-alpha.0
[v6m]: https://rtic.rs/dev/book/en/migration/migration_v5.html
[multilock]: https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/415
[mainnameclash]: https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/416
[trackingissue]: https://github.com/rtic-rs/rfcs/issues/35
[nm]: https://hackmd.io/vWa9GvssR8qBfUYgMZm0CQ?both
* Init arguments (`init(resources = [ ])`)

# TODO:

* [Per]: Zero-cost multi-lock

# Agenda 2020-11-10

No meeting

# Agenda 2020-11-03

* Triage, bugs in the wild?
* Follow up on last meeting action points
* Merged changes
* What's left for 0.6-alpha
    * Symmetric locks - **Done**
    * Namespace/name mangling fixing - **Done**
    * The new proposed context layout
    * Move dispatchers from `extern` to `#[app(dispatchers = [...])]` - **Done**
    * More tests on changed/new features
    * Update docs to be inline with all the changes
    * In alpha.1 add the reschedule/cancel API
* xpack, qemu fork with additional targets, https://xpack.github.io/qemu-arm/
* renode, .NET emulator for cortex-m with lots of boards supported, https://renode.io/

# Agenda 2020-10-27

* Triage, bugs in the wild?
* Follow up on last meeting action points
* Merged changes

# Agenda 2020-10-20

* Triage, bugs in the wild?
* Follow up on last meeting action points
* Merged changes?
* The road to 0.6 alpha, what is missing?
    * Symmetric locks
    * Namespace/name mangling fixing - Done
    * The new proposed context layout
    * Move dispatchers from `extern` to `#[app(dispatchers = [...])]`
    * More tests on changed/new features
    * Update docs to be inline with all the changes
    * In alpha.1 add the reschedule/cancel API
* Ideas/discussion on async/await.

# Agenda 2020-10-13 

* Triage, bugs in the wild?
* Follow up on last meeting action points
* Merged changes
  * dcarosone - PR: [Doclints](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/385) and PR: [device path must be absolute; clarify](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/392)
  * Korken89 - PR: [Now core contains the same `Peripherals` type based on monotonic](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/388)
  * AfoHT - PR: [Fix MD-lints, add Matrix and meeting notes badges](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/384)
* Clippy lints PRs: [rtic-syntax](https://github.com/rtic-rs/rtic-syntax/pull/33), [rtic](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/393)
* Spawn/schedule from anyhere PRs: [rtic-syntax](https://github.com/rtic-rs/rtic-syntax/pull/34), [rtic](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/390)
* Task local/lock free PRs: [rtic-syntax](https://github.com/rtic-rs/rtic-syntax/pull/31), [rtic](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/371)
* extern fn task(...); // no RFC yet


## Action points

* Fix PR merges during hacker night
* Look at namespace pollution with the new PRs

# 2020-10-06

* Triage, bugs in the wild?
* Follow up on last meeting action points
* Maybe look into https://github.com/TedDriggs/darling for simplifying attribute parsing
* Task_local and lock_free [rtic-syntax PR](https://github.com/rtic-rs/rtic-syntax/pull/31), [rtic PR](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/371)
* Spawn from anywhere. https://github.com/rtic-rs/rfcs/issues/39, with POC https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/tree/spawn_experiment


## Action points

* Come up with an improved API to go with task_local and lock_free
* Start preparing for an alpha release, what need to be in? And when?
  
# 2020-09-29

* Triage, bugs in the wild?
* Follow up on last meeting action points
* Always return `LateResources` in `init` to have a fully symmetric API? [Done](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/372)
* Have a crticial section token passed in `init::Context` for use with HALs that request it [Done](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/373)
* [USB HID Example](https://github.com/rtic-rs/rtic-examples/issues/10) merged, thanks @brainstorm
* Mod over const [RFC](https://github.com/rtic-rs/rfcs/pull/34) [rtic-syntax PR (merged)](https://github.com/rtic-rs/rtic-syntax/pull/30) [rtic PR (merged)](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/368)

## Notes / Action Points

- Always return `LateResource`, positive @korken89 will have a look on hacker night: PR https://github.com/rtic-rs/rtic-syntax/pull/32 and  https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/372
- Have a crticial section token passed in `init::Context`, @korken89 will have a look on hacker night: PR https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/compare/cs_token?expand=1
- Look into the "new" Monotonic trait(s), talk on hacker night
- Look into warnings in `proc-macro-error`
- Review mod-over-const PRs

# 2020-09-22

* Triage, bugs in the wild?

* Look into updating monotonic to allow any free-running timer with compare interrupt for scheduling? // Emil
* Update docs, readability and structure improvements // Emil
* Monotonic is difficult to understand for users, need doc/examples improvement // Emil
* Follow up on `embedded::time` // Emil

## Notes

Try to get the core features for 0.6 out and have point releases for each part after that.

Async for RTIC would be nice, but seems like a lot of work.

# 2020-09-15

* Triage, bugs in the wild?
* Follow up on last meeting action points

* GHA toolchain chache issue merged (https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/356)
* Audio DSP example?

## Action points

- [ ] Impl. evening on Thursday.
- [ ] Audio/DSP examples.



# 2020-09-08

* Triage:

Bug: GHA toolchain cache issue [pr: Rust toolchain cache breaking on version change](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/356) - Merged

* Follow up last meeting action points
* To Discuss: Closing old stale issues [#244](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/issues/244) [#227](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/issues/227) [#233](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/issues/233) - CLOSED
* To Discuss: rtic-syntax multi-core removal [pr](https://github.com/rtic-rs/rtic-syntax/pull/27) - MERGED
* To Discuss: cortex-m-rtic multi-core removal [pr](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/355) - MERGED
* To Discuss: Steps towards 0.6? See https://github.com/rtic-rs/rfcs/issues/35
* To Discuss: task_local_experiment [original branch](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/tree/task_local_experiment), [rebased on master branch](https://github.com/AfoHT/cortex-m-rtic/tree/task_local_experiment)
* To Discuss: [[RFC] "out-pointer" optimisation in #[init] #38](https://github.com/rtic-rs/rfcs/pull/38)

## Action points

- [ ] RFC for new spawn with global lock and without the spawn attribute
- [ ] RFC for the shared reference resource (runtime panic version)
- [ ] Add `task_local` to 0.6 goals
- [ ] Discuss [[RFC] "out-pointer" optimisation in #[init] #38](https://github.com/rtic-rs/rfcs/pull/38) on hacker-night
- [ ] Move timer queue to an index based linked list impl instead? Discuss more.

# 2020-09-01

School-start-madness break

# 2020-08-25

* Triage:
* PSA: Release new RTIC with `take` fix
* To Discuss: GHA for rtic-syntax [pr](https://github.com/rtic-rs/rtic-syntax/pull/26)
* To Discuss: GHA with ubuntu-version QEMU [pr](https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/341)
* To Dsicuss: A working min-const generics is on the way. https://github.com/perlindgren/heapless.git (min_const_generics branch)
* Follow up last meeting action points
* To Discuss: Yanking statues

## Action points

- [x] @korken89 release the new version after the meeting

# 2020-08-18

* Triage: 
* Noticed Bug https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/issues/348 (dispatch queue exceeding 127 causes code generation failure).

* To Discuss: New meeting time 19.00 Tuesdays
* To Discuss: Advisory board
* Master Thesis: glaequen
* Backlog: embedded time

## Action points

- [ ] @Per to implement fix for #348
- Meeting time move to 19:00

# 2020-08-11

Summer break

# 2020-08-04

* Triage:
* To Discuss: Compiler issue? (https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/75074)
* To Discuss: Mutex Trait (discussion on embedded WG)
* To Discuss: LLVM-preview based CI test https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/341

## Action points
- [ ] @AfoHT, Init::Spawn miscompilation

# Lazy Summer
...

# 2020-07-21

* Triage: None reported
* To Discuss: Take aways from Oxidize 2020.
* To Discuss: Follow up on Embedded Time.
* To Discuss: Can we allow more flexible callbacks, by allowing spawning of RTIC tasks from "anywhere". (How would we avoid race conditions on free/ready queues.)
* To Discuss: Caching for CI

- [x] @AfoHT, investigate llvm-preview instead of arm-gcc for CI
- [ ] @Per, have a look at potential callback structure (allowing callbacks to be installed in external code)


# 2020-07-14

Presentation of Embedded Time by Peter Taylor on Zoom. 

# 2020-07-07

* Triage: None to report
* To Discuss: 

## Action points

- [x] Iron Fist: Hack session Thursday evening 17-21 *one week late*
- [x] Per: Prepare Zoom meeting for Emebbed Time presentation by Peter Taylor.

# 2020-06-30

* Triage:
* To Discuss: 
* Follow up last meeting action points
* Remove Multi-core related code. Future plans for multi-core?
* Embedded time PR
* 
* Implementing MSRV=stable - N? For 0.6

## Action points

- [x] Per: pre_init code gen use `impl From<cortex_m::Peripherals> for Peripherals` instead of transmute? (#[inline(always)]?)

# 2020-06-16

* Triage: No bugs
* Move to RTIC, anything broken: Nothing reported broken
* To Discuss: Mutex: immutable resuorce proxies https://github.com/rtic-rs/rfcs/issues/36 (https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/tree/immutable_resource_proxies): Revisit later
* To Discuss: SeqCst: compiler fence https://github.com/rtic-rs/rfcs/issues/37 (https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/tree/ordering). An extra layer of security around critical sections, in case ordering of inline asm/FFI gets broken: Accepted, prepare a PR
* embedded-time PR (https://github.com/rtic-rs/cortex-m-rtic/pull/312)
* 

- [ ] Per: Proper RFC/PR for the SeqCst.
- [ ] Per: Newtype API for degrading Resources to immutable Mutex proxies.
- [ ] Korken, Per: Review the embedded time PR.

# 2020-06-09

* Triage: No bugs
* Showcase shared bus exambles to have idiomatic examples
* MSRV: Aim for a floating with `stable - N` where `N = [0..]`. Have a look at common floating MSRV strategies.
* Add "allow fail" on nightly tests
* Finalize the move to GHA, move bors to GHA

# 2020-06-02

* Triage: 
* Follow up last meeting action points
* Discuss MSRV, remove? object 0.19 dependency broke our MSRV
  Current CI setup compiling mdBook requiring object 0.19 breaks, RTIC is not affected. See [PR #317](https://github.com/rtfm-rs/cortex-m-rtfm/pull/317)
* https://github.com/rtfm-rs/cortex-m-rtfm/pull/312
* Coverage testing, candidate [rust-grcov?](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/rust-grcov)


## Action points

- [ ] Triage: Analyze if clobbers are needed
- [ ] Improve testing: coverage
- [ ] Check so proc-macro crates are not compiled in release
  * PR [do not optimize build deps #314](https://github.com/rtfm-rs/cortex-m-rtfm/pull/316)
- [ ] Try out GHA, any speed-ups?
  * PR [Testing GHA v0.1 #316](https://github.com/rtfm-rs/cortex-m-rtfm/pull/316)
- [ ] Fix [allow handlers to be named 'main' #315](https://github.com/rtfm-rs/cortex-m-rtfm/issues/311)
  * PR https://github.com/rtfm-rs/cortex-m-rtfm/pull/315
- [ ] Write RFC on the removal of multi-core to have as a future plugin
- [ ] Perform the rename 
    1. we release RTFM 0.5.2 with the bug-fix
    2. we prepare a RTFM 0.5.3 release which only adds a deprecation warning and where to find all the new name stuff
    3. we make a RTIC 0.5.3 release (new crate)
    4. we release the RTFM 0.5.3 with the deprecation
- [ ] Relink rtfm.rs to rtic.rs
- [ ] Release Embedded WG newsletter anouncing the rename

# 2020-05-26

* Triage: 
    * Add fences to locks
* Follow up last meeting action points
* Should we have more tests/test programs?
* Should we move to GitHub Actions?
* Mod over const RFC prototype: In progress, look into RTIC attributes so the mod works like a normal mod
* rtic.rs reserved

## Action points

- [ ] Triage: Analyze if clobbers are needed
- [ ] Improve testing: coverage
- [ ] Check so proc-macro crates are not compiled in release
- [ ] Try out GHA, any speed-ups?
- [ ] Fix https://github.com/rtfm-rs/cortex-m-rtfm/issues/311
- [ ] Write RFC on the removal of multi-core to have as a future plugin
- [ ] Perform the rename 
    1. we release RTFM 0.5.2 with the bug-fix
    2. we prepare a RTFM 0.5.3 release which only adds a deprecation warning and where to find all the new name stuff
    3. we make a RTIC 0.5.3 release (new crate)
    4. we release the RTFM 0.5.3 with the deprecation
- [ ] Relink rtfm.rs to rtic.rs
- [ ] Release Embedded WG newsletter anouncing the rename

# 2020-05-19

* Triage: None to report
* Follow up last meeting action points
* Discuss renaming
* Should the mutli-core part of the proc macro be removed?

For next meeting:

* Should we have more tests/test programs?
* Should we move to GitHub Actions?

## Action points

- [x] Write RFC on the removal of multi-core to have as a future plugin
- [x] Update renaming RFC with the acceptance of the new name
- [x] Perform the rename 
    1. we release RTFM 0.5.2 with the bug-fix
    2. we prepare a RTFM 0.5.3 release which only adds a deprecation warning and where to find all the new name stuff
    3. we make a RTIC 0.5.3 release (new crate)
    4. we release the RTFM 0.5.3 with the deprecation
- [x] Relink rtfm.rs to rtic.rs
- [x] Release Embedded WG newsletter anouncing the rename


# 2020-05-12

* Triage: No bugs
* Look into monotonic implementations, should we split out into new crate + stubs?
* Follow up last meeting action points
* Have release names? More discussion needed.

## Action points

- [x] @korken89 to update rename RFC
- [ ] @korken89 to update reschedule/cancel RFC

##### Renaming

- **RTIC** ~~vs. Fearless~~

RTIC has been chosen as the main candidate.

# 2020-05-05

* Triage: No bugs reported.

## Action points

- [x] @korken89 to create tracking issue for 0.6 push
- [ ] @korken89 to update reschedule/cancel RFC
- [x] @korken89 to ping the renaming RFC for the meeting

## Discussed for the 0.6 push

* Add API to re-schedule & cancel tasks
* move/unique resources
* Rename RTFM
* Mod instead of const
* Move back to symmetric lock API

#### 1. "Move back to symmetric lock API" together with "move/unique resources"

- Accepted/rejected for 0.6? **Accepted**

#### 2. "Mod instead of const"

- Accepted/rejected for 0.6? **Accepted**


#### 3. "Add API to re-schedule & cancel tasks"

- Accepted/rejected for 0.6? **Rejected**
- Revamp RFC to make it work for a 0.6.x
- If it will incur overhead, include in 0.6.0

#### 4. "Rename RTFM"

- Accepted/rejected for 0.6? **Accepted**
- Allocate meeting 2020-05-12 for finalizing this and coming to a decision
- Bikeshed name *yay*


# 2020-04-28

* triage, bugs in the wild?
* follow up on actions (Rfc #30, [306](https://github.com/rtfm-rs/cortex-m-rtfm/pull/306))
* Rfc #34 (mod/const)
* 0.6 cont release discussion

- [306] Merged. Possible 0.5.x release with remark that full functionality is only obtianed with rustc 1.43.
- RFC #30, updated, challenges with `cfg` resource declaretaions and conditional resource usage remains to be solved.

# 2020-04-21

* triage, bugs in the wild?
* follow up on action points
* 0.6 release discussion


# 2020-04-14

* triage, bugs in the wild?
* follow up on "actions"
* #cfg on RTFM resources pull request [306](https://github.com/rtfm-rs/cortex-m-rtfm/pull/306)
* proc_macro_diagnostic needs follow-up. Would allow us to generate warnings during compilation. [RFC 1566](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/54140)

# 2020-04-07

* triage, bugs in the wild?
* follow up on "actions"
* #cfg on RTFM resources

Action points
- [/] #cfg seems fixed in latest nightly (@AfoHT), may fix  https://github.com/rtfm-rs/cortex-m-rtfm/issues/301 
- [x] C-M mutex trait instead of cortex-m, (@Korken, PR)
- [x] RTFM-core traits updated (@Korken, PR)

# 2020-03-31

* triage, any bugs in the wild?
* follow up on "actions"
* RTFM 0.6

- [ ] Per, Mutex trait (move to cortex-m)


# 2020-03-24

* triage, anything that needs fixing?
* follow up on "actions"
* `rtfm-log` https://github.com/rtfm-rs/rfcs/issues/31
* EDF scheduler


# 2020-03-17

* triage, anything that needs fixing?
* async/await on-top of RTFM

Action points
 
- [ ] Per, multi lock
- [ ] Per, compile_error (just not to forget...)

# 2020-03-10

* cfg errors on app, https://github.com/rtfm-rs/cortex-m-rtfm/issues/301 
* cfg -> late resources
* compile_error!
* experimental branch for https://github.com/rtfm-rs/rfcs/issues/30, is found in https://github.com/rtfm-rs/cortex-m-rtfm/tree/task_local_experiment

Action points.

- [ ] AfoHT, error reporting on APP, cfg on late resources
- [?] Per, compile_error!
- [-] Per, async-await/generators on top of RTFM


# 2020-03-03

* https://github.com/rtfm-rs/rfcs/issues/30

Action points.

- [x] Per. Will make an initial implementation/experimental branch.


# 2020-02-25

* soft reset, is currently marked safe. 
* https://github.com/rtfm-rs/rfcs/issues/29

# 2020-02-18

* soft reset
* proper website

- [x] Per. Will collect some information on the generic soft reset for cortex-m.
- [ ] Per. Check if there is any LTU student interested in helping out with website.



# 2020-02-11

* task return type(s)
* follow up on the embedded wg soundness issue (Mutex), but in general Sync/Send semantics


# 2020-02-04

* API reference broken. (Relates the frontpage issue discusse 2020-01-28)
* Release of soundness patch for cortex-m-rtfm 0.4.3 to 0.4.4, and check that API Reference gets properly linked.
* Release of API Reference patch to cortex-m-rtfm 0.5.2. This release is very minor, containing a few updates to docs/book, but no change of code behavior.

## Action Items

- [x] Per. The README.md has the right link content. The problem is likely due to bug in the realese mechanism (not reporting failure of doc creation, hence link is broken). Alternatively due to race between update of README.md and the release mechanism (same date on README.md and crates.io release but different link content which is superweird/bug).

# 2020-01-28

* No alarming issues
* Merging of some examples
* Discussion on RTFM quickstart template, following up on https://github.com/rtfm-rs/rfcs/issues/26
* Frontpage with example? 

- [ ] Per will make an RFC regarding frontpage

# 2020-01-21

* No alarming issues

# 2020-01-07

* Goals for 2020
* Examples for Mutex trait (in external code)

